CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contribution Agreement
======================

As a contributor, you represent that the code you submit is your
original work or that of your employer (in which case you represent
you have the right to bind your employer).  By submitting code, you
(and, if applicable, your employer) are licensing the submitted code
to LinkedIn and the open source community subject to the BSD 2-Clause
license.

Responsible Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
==================================================

Please do not file reports on Github for security issues.  Please
review the guidelines on at (link to more info).  Reports should be
encrypted using PGP (link to PGP key) and sent to
security@linkedin.com preferably with the title "Github
linkedin/<project> - <short summary>".

Tips for Getting Your Pull Request Accepted
===========================================

1. Make sure all new features are tested and the tests pass.
2. Bug fixes must include a test case demonstrating the error that it
   fixes.
3. Open an issue first and seek advice for your change before
   submitting a pull request. Large features which have never been
   discussed are unlikely to be accepted.

Commit message:

Use Spotless plugin for code formatting and license checks
This patch modifies the Gradle build to use the Spotless plugin for
code formatting and license checks.

Summary of changes:

* Upgrade gradlew wrappers to version 6.7.1 (required for Spotless).
* Add formatting configuration files for Eclipse and Intellij, along
  with docs describing how to use them.
* Apply necessary formatting fixes to Gradle, Markdown, and Java
  files.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution Agreement

As a contributor, you represent that the code you submit is your
original work or that of your employer (in which case you represent
you have the right to bind your employer). By submitting code, you
(and, if applicable, your employer) are licensing the submitted code
to LinkedIn and the open source community subject to the BSD 2-Clause
license.

# Responsible Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities

Please do not file reports on Github for security issues. Please
review the guidelines on at (link to more info). Reports should be
encrypted using PGP (link to PGP key) and sent to
security@linkedin.com preferably with the title "Github
linkedin/transport - <short summary>".

# Tips for Getting Your Pull Request Accepted

1. Make sure all new features are tested and the tests pass.
2. Run `travis-build.sh` and make sure that it passes. Resolve any
   formatting errors by running `./gradlew spotlessApply`.
3. Bug fixes must include a test case demonstrating the error that it
   fixes.
4. Open an issue first and seek advice for your change before
   submitting a pull request. Large features which have never been
   discussed are unlikely to be accepted.
